README.md, before:

# Smashing-Magazine-heat-map

The goal of this project is to create a grayscale heat map for the [Smashing Magazine home page](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/) as training for stating the visual hierarchy of its elements, as also as trying the utilization of Google fonts


## Preview
![Smashing-Magazine-heatmap](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53324035/71204144-689b2880-226d-11ea-9e4a-65f33a510af9.png)

## Live Demo [here](https://rawcdn.githack.com/Flakster/Smashing-Magazine-heatmap/7b27544716adbc639816c255c60c1053a1e72791/index.html)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy of this project up and running follow these simple steps:

  * Clone the project into your local machine
  * Navigate into index.html file and run on your browser
  * Explore and change values to see what happens!🤓


## Built with

  * HTML
  * CSS
  * [Google fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
  
## Validators

  * W3C validator for HTML
  * Stickler
  * Stylelint for VSCode
  
## Authors

  👤 Ezaka Alfred
  * [Twitter: @the_codecell](https://www.twitter.com/the_codecell)
  * [Github: @codecell](https://github.com/codecell)
  
  👤 Carlos Santamaría
  * [Twitter: @flakster](https://www.twitter.com/flakster)
  * [Github: @flakster](https://www.github.com/flakster)
  
## License

This project is [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) licensed.

Commit message:

update link to the live version on githack

README.md, after:

# Smashing-Magazine-heat-map

The goal of this project is to create a grayscale heat map for the [Smashing Magazine home page](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/) as training for stating the visual hierarchy of its elements, as also as trying the utilization of Google fonts


## Preview
![Smashing-Magazine-heatmap](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53324035/71204144-689b2880-226d-11ea-9e4a-65f33a510af9.png)

## Live Demo 
 Hosted [here](https://rawcdn.githack.com/Flakster/Smashing-Magazine-heatmap/4368ba4911c39f6a7323c7bc1a324a4e48f4d0c3/index.html) with love from [Githack](https://raw.githack.com/)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy of this project up and running follow these simple steps:

  * Clone the project into your local machine
  * Navigate into index.html file and run on your browser
  * Explore and change values to see what happens!🤓


## Built with

  * HTML
  * CSS
  * [Google fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
  
## Validators

  * W3C validator for HTML
  * Stickler
  * Stylelint for VSCode
  
## Authors

  👤 Ezaka Alfred
  * [Twitter: @the_codecell](https://www.twitter.com/the_codecell)
  * [Github: @codecell](https://github.com/codecell)
  
  👤 Carlos Santamaría
  * [Twitter: @flakster](https://www.twitter.com/flakster)
  * [Github: @flakster](https://www.github.com/flakster)
  
## License

This project is [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) licensed.
